The sky and the earth are dark and yellow, and the universe is vast. The sun and moon are waxing and waning, and the stars and constellations are spread out.
Cold comes and summer comes, harvest is harvested in autumn and stored in winter. Leap years are more than one year old, and the law is Lu to adjust the Yang.
The rising clouds bring rain, and the dew condenses into frost. Gold produces beautiful water, and jade comes out of Kungang.
The sword is called Juque, the pearl is called Luminous. The fruit is precious, plum, and the vegetable is mustard and ginger.
The sea is salty and the river is light, the scales are hidden and the feathers are flying. The dragon master is the fire emperor, the bird official is the human emperor.
At the beginning of writing, people wore clothes. When they gave up their thrones, there were Yu, Tao and Tang Dynasties.
To punish the people and punish their crimes, Zhou sent Yin Tang. He sat in court and asked questions, bowing his hands to Pingzhang.
He loves and educates the head of Li, and his ministers serve the Rong and Qiang. They are one with each other, and they lead their guests back to the king.
The phoenix sings in the bamboo, the Baiju food court turns into vegetation, and reaches all directions.
Covering this body and hair, there are four elements and five permanent elements. How can I dare to damage them if I bow and support them respectfully?
Women admire chastity, and men follow the example of being good. If you know your mistakes, you must correct them, and if you can, never forget them.
Don't talk about the shortcomings of others, rely too much on your own strengths. A messenger can be overturned, but a weapon's desire is difficult to measure.
The ink is sad and the silk is dyed, the poem is praising the lamb. The scenery is virtuous, and the thought is holy.
Virtue builds a reputation, and the appearance is upright. Sound is transmitted in an empty valley, and people are accustomed to listening in an empty hall.
Misfortune is caused by bad accumulation, and good fortune is celebrated. A ruler and a piece of biscuit are not treasures, but an inch of yin is a competition.
To serve the king as a father, it is said to be strict and respectful. To be filial, you should do your best, and to be loyal, you should do your best.
When I'm in the depths and my shoes are thin, I feel warm and warm. It's like the fragrance of orchids and the prosperity of pine trees.
The stream flows endlessly, reflected in the abyss. The words are still and thoughtful, and the words are calm.
Be sincere and sincere in the beginning, be careful in the end, and be wise in order. The foundation of a prosperous career is endless.
Those who have studied well will be promoted to official positions, and they will serve in politics. Keep Gantang, and you will be able to sing more after you leave.
Music differentiates between high and low, etiquette differentiates between high and low. There is harmony between superiors and inferiors, and husbands sing and women follow.
He was trained by his master outside and followed his mother's rituals. All his aunts and uncles are like sons and daughters.
Brothers Kong and Huai are like brothers. They make friends and share their opinions, and they practice rules and regulations.
Kindness and compassion are reserved, and no faults can be avoided. Honesty, integrity, and retreat can lead to troubles and losses.
The nature is calm and the emotions are relaxed, the heart is excited and the mind is tired. The person is full of ambition to keep true, and the mind changes after things.
Adhere to elegance, and be a good noble. The capital is China, and there are two capitals in the east and west.
With Mang behind and Luo facing, the floating Wei River dominates Jing. The palace is lush and gloomy, and the view from the tower is startling.
Pictures depict animals and colorful fairies. Beside Bing's house, there are couplets opposite to A's tent.
There is a banquet, the drums are played, the harp is played, and the sheng is played. When the rank is promoted, the star of doubt is turned.
The right leads to Guang Nei, and the left reaches Cheng Ming. It not only gathers the tomb ceremony, but also gathers the heroes.
Du Manuscript and Zhong Li, lacquer script on the wall. Luo General and Prime Minister, Lu Xia and Huai Qing.
The household was sealed in eight counties, and the household was equipped with thousands of soldiers. The high crown accompanied the chariot, and the hub was driven and the tassels were vibrated.
The world is luxurious and rich, the chariot is light and the chariot is light. The policy is rich and practical, and the inscriptions are inscribed on the tablets.
Yiyin of Fenxi, Aheng of Zuoshi. Qufu of Amazhai, Weidansheying.
Duke Huan helped the weak and supported the poor. Qi returned to the Han Dynasty and expressed her gratitude to Wu Ding.
Jun Yi is secretive, and many scholars are actually peaceful. Jin and Chu are more domineering, while Zhao and Wei are trapped.
Destroy Guo in a false way, and make an alliance with the soil. How can you abide by the contract and law, and Han will be troubled and punished.
Qi Jian Po Mu, the best military officer. Xuanwei Desert, famous for its paintings.
The traces of Yu in Kyushu, the merging of hundreds of prefectures by Qin. Yue Zong Taidai, the Zen master Yunting.
Yanmen Zisai, Jitian Chicheng. Kunchi Jieshi, Juye Dongting.
The vastness is far away and Miao is far away, and the rocks are far away. The root cause is farming, and the main purpose is to cultivate crops.
I am a master of millet and millet. I pay tribute to new ones when they are ripe. I encourage rewards and depose the emperor.
Meng Ke was admonished, and Shi Yu was upright. The common people were moderate, but they were diligent and sincere in their edicts.
Listen to the sound and observe the principles, discern the appearance and distinguish the colors. Use the blessings to encourage the good people, and encourage them to grow.
Save yourself from ridicule and admonishment, favor and increase resistance. Disgrace is close to disgrace, and Lin Gao is lucky to be there.
When two people see an opportunity, who can force them to break up? They live in a quiet place, silent and lonely.
Seeking the ancients and seeking theories, letting go of worries and carefree. Enjoying the music and sending tired messages, thanking each other and cheering for recruitment.
The calendar of the lotus in the canal is cut off from the wild garden. The loquats are green in the late season and the parasol trees are withered by fleas.
Chen Gen is in the shade, and the fallen leaves are swaying. The wandering swans are traveling alone, and they are in the dark sky.
Spend time reading and playing in the market, watching the bags and boxes. It is easy to be frightened, and it belongs to the wall of the ear wall.
The food on the table is delicious and filling for the intestines. It is cooked when you are full, but you are tired of the chaff when you are hungry.
Relatives are old and old, old and young have different food. I am a concubine who spins clothes and serves in the drapes and curtains in the house.
The fan is round, and the silver candle is bright. I sleep during the day and at night, and the blue bamboo shoots look like a bed.
Enjoy the banquet with string songs, take the cup and raise the wine, straighten your hands and feet, feel happy and healthy.
The direct heirs continued, offering sacrifices to Haochang. Jiqing worshiped again, and he was terrified and frightened.
The ultimatum is brief, but the answer is detailed. The scum wants to bathe, and the heat is willing to be cool.
Donkeys, mules and calves are special. They leap with fear and leap ahead. They kill thieves and thieves and capture rebels.
Bu She Liao Wan, Ji Qin and Ruan Xiao. Tian's pen and paper, Jun Qiao and Ren Diao.
It solves the confusion and benefits the customs, and all are wonderful. The hair is graceful, the work is graceful and smiling.
Every time the year passes, the sun shines brightly. The stars hang in the sky, and darkness shines all around.
Refer to the salary to repair Hu, and keep the good fortune forever. Lead the way step by step, and look down at the corridor temple.
He wears his belt and is alone in his villa, wandering and looking around. He is ignorant, ignorant, and is criticized.
The predicate helps, that’s why.
